# v6.10.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Deprecate the following:
    - `DropdownMenu` - will eventually be replaced with `DropdownMenu` from the v7 entrypoint.
    - `DropdownMenu2` - is being exported from the v7 entrypoint as `DropdownMenu`.
    - `DropdownMenuExternalLink` and `DropdownMenuInternalLink` - can both be replaced with the component prop in `DropdownMenuItem`.
- Converted the standard `Error` on strict mode usage of all context hooks to be a `DataError` instead.
    - This aligns better with my utility package.
- Add JSDoc to every component.
    -  This will provide a better developer experience, allowing users to see information about the component in the editor directly.
- Add the following new stories to the storybook:
    - `ReactPlayground`
    - `DropdownMenu`
- Export a `createFormHook` function that creates `useAppForm` rather than `useAppForm` directly.
    - This is better as it allows individual apps to further customise while using our defaults as the base.
    - Note that this is not considered a breaking change yet as it is contained within the experimental `v7` entrypoint for now.

## Additional Notes

- This should now be most of the initial cleanup in preparation for v7.
- Now that we've added JSDoc to everything and removed all warnings, future preparation for v7 should be smoother as now we can use the v7 entrypoint instead.
- See [Issue 206](https://github.com/alextheman231/components/issues/206) for more information about all expected planned changes to come.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
