# v6.4.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add JSDoc comments to `ScreenSizeProvider`, along with Storybook demo and tests
    - Storybook is especially good for this - it can document changes in screen size in ways that simple prop documentation or quick component screenshots simply cannot.

## Additional Notes

- Fun fact - this is a component set that existed even back in the old days of Neurosongs legacy.
- I remember being very proud of it then as it demonstrates React state incredibly well, and the way that the React state interacts with the browser state to get the necessary information is incredibly satisfying!
- I guess, even back in my early days, even before starting this organisation, the thing I really liked the most was dealing with state interactions.
- That still holds true to this day, if not even more so given how central state interactions are with things like:
    - release notes in alex-c-line
    - Everything in the Infrastructure repository
    - The `local-package use` command in alex-c-line
    - Especially the package end-to-end tests.
- I just find it really enjoyable to keep track of state changes in a given system and deal with their interaction. That's often where the magic truly happens in code - when you not only have to deal with what the code does locally, but also some of the side effects it may produce beyond the scope of the editor.
- It can be dangerous at times if you're not careful as sometimes said state changes can mean deletion, however when used carefully and when you know what you're doing, it's incredibly powerful and can be a massive time-saver in many scenarios!
- In any case, this component also serves as a good example of how Storybook can be used to test and demonstrate environment-driven state changes.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
