# v6.4.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Allow the `InternalLink` component to take a component prop.
    - Although the initial aim of `InternalLink` is to prevent us from having to keep setting `component={ReactDOMLink}` everywhere throughout a given app, we instead just use `InternalLink` directly, it causes a weird issue where `InternalLink` is therefore tightly coupled with the organisation's routing with no option to override it.
    - As such, I have decided that we keep my primary use case as the default so I don't need to customise it for my own use case, however, for other people using my package, they can customise it to fit with whatever router they are using.
    - In fact, I would still recommend customising the component even if it matches my default, as there's no guarantee the default will stay stable given that there is a chance I may refactor my routing to use Wouter soon.
    - If you'd like to set your own default app-wise, I would recommend creating a wrapper component in your app that sets the component by default. For example, you may have a component like this in your project:

```tsx
import type { InternalLinkProps } from "@alextheman/components";

import { InternalLink as AlexInternalLink } from "@alextheman/components";
import { Link } from "react-router-dom";

function InternalLink({ children, ...props }: Omit<InternalLinkProps, "component">) {
    return (
        <AlexInternalLink component={Link} {...props}>
            {children}
        </AlexInternalLink>
    )
}
```

    And then from there, you can import the app-level `InternalLink` the same way that I'd import my own `InternalLink`.
    
- Add JSDoc comments to `InternalLink` and `ExternalLink`
    - This gives a better developer experience in the editor, allowing users to see exactly what each prop does while they work, as well as integrate naturally with Storybook for the documentation.

## Additional Notes

- I've also started the Storybook documentation in this repository too!
- It's already looking really nice, and the Link components demonstrate it well.
- Legend has it that if you play around with the actual page link in the `InternalLink` demonstration, you may encounter a secret page...
- Either way, see the [Additional Notes section of @alextheman/eslint-plugin release note v5.10.2](https://github.com/alextheman231/eslint-plugin/releases/tag/v5.10.2) for more information about new the Storybook integration.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
