# v6.15.9 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Correct the handling of invalid query states in `QueryBoundaryError` where both data and error are present
    - Initially I decided to render `null` in `QueryBoundaryError` if both error and data are present as arguably the presence of data means the query was not erroneous.
    - However, upon reflection, an error existing at the same time as data is most certainly not intended state and it may be better to instead treat it as erroneous.
    - What I've opted for now is, if data and error both exist we show the error so we know something is wrong, but we also log that the query state itself is invalid, therefore making it easier to debug what went wrong.
    - `QueryBoundaryData` still does not render data if an error is present, though. The reason for this being that if an error occurred at the same time as data being present, it could also mean that the data may be corrupt. Therefore, it's better to show the error to communicate that something went wrong, and then only show the data in the error logs.
- Remove the type suppressions in the `QueryBoundary` and `QueryBoundaryMap` components.
    - Previously the internal logic was suppressing type errors from `QueryBoundaryError` just so we can pass all three of `nullableComponent`, `nullComponent`, and `undefinedComponent` in our wrapper.
    - However, that does undo a lot of our typing work, and it's probably not the best look to go through all that typing work to ensure a valid prop combination only for us to bypass it in our own implementation!
    - This fixes that by respecting the discriminated union and calculating what props to pass into `QueryBoundaryError` based on the combination of props given at the `QueryBoundary` caller level.

## Additional Notes

- Note that both of the above are internal changes and should have no impact on how these components are called.
- Just be aware that `QueryBoundaryError` now behaves slightly differently to how it used to now, in the sense that you may see an error in a very specific edge case where you wouldn't have seen one previously.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
