# v6.15.4 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Change the `TextField` placeholder to use the provided label if present and is a string.
    - Previously it was using the field name, which is often not human-readable.
    - This changes that so that it prefers using the label as the placeholder text if present, and only falls back to the field name if label is not provided or not a string.
- Minor improvement of the form field spacing in the Form story in the Storybook.
- Change the typing of `createFormHook` so that it properly extends the default `fieldComponents` and `formComponents` typing if more components provided.
    - Our base `createFormHook` wraps around `createFormHook` from `@tanstack/react-form` to provide a `useAppForm` hook initialised with all our default form components from this package.
    - However, it is also possible to layer extra app-specific components on top of that by passing in `options.fieldComponents` and/or `options.formComponents` to our `createFormHook` if needed.
    - Previously, we were missing the typing that makes it possible for TypeScript to recognise that if you pass, for example, `fieldComponents: { CustomField }`, then `field.CustomField` exists. This release adds the typing that makes this possible.

## Additional Notes

- Speaking of that `createFormHook` typing work, it is incredibly verbose for what is meant to be a simple wrapper around `createFormHook` from `@tanstack/react-form`!
- I do like `@tanstack/react-form`, though - I think it feels pretty nice to use in practice and offers a fair amount of flexibility.
- That said, I can't deny that it does feel very verbose in its syntax at times, especially when it comes to some of its typing. Like, did you know that its `FieldApi` type takes 24 different type arguments?
- Obviously we're not actually meant to provide all 24 type arguments - we're supposed to use their helpers directly and that tends to cover most of those with type inference. But I guess if you hate yourself, go ahead!
- All that aside, though, I do think, despite the verbosity, it does also feel a lot more explicit and makes it a lot easier to get access to the form state and field state than some of the other frameworks I have experienced so far.
- For me, I don't mind verbosity as long as it actually helps makes things clearer and feels justified. And I think `@tanstack/react-form` does feel like it is justified based on my experience so far.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
