# v6.15.7 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Render the `headerElements` of `NavigationDrawer` on the right of the page.
    - Yep. That's it. That's the change.

## Additional Notes

- I hate styling work lol.
- I would rather write a GitHub Action than do styling work, and for those of you who know how I feel about GitHub Actions, that's saying something!
- Like, at least GitHub Actions has a clear failure mode, even if that failure mode is often on the main branch! Meanwhile with styling, there is no clear failure mode. You're often stuck there just tweaking numbers and props and stuff until you get something that just feels right with not much else to guide you.
- In fairness, though, it is more of a subjective thing. Some people may prefer the freedom of styling work, whereas others prefer the more deterministic approach of state handling and CI workflows and data modelling and stuff like that. Take a guess which category I fall into!
- All this to say, if I were to add more people to the organisation over time, I'd think it'd be nice to have some people who do tend to specialise in the styling part of front-end. I feel like I cover a lot of the more state-heavy, infrastructure, dev-tooling stuff well as is, but the styling of some of my components is probably the more undercooked part.
- So... yeah. If that might be you, please let me know! Comment on the pull request or get in touch some other way, I don't really mind.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
