# v6.15.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a `QueryBoundaryDataMap` component, along with a related `QueryBoundaryMap` component.
    - These components handle query data where the resolved data is expected to be an array.
    - They will map through the given data array and render the result of the children function for each item in the array.
    - `QueryBoundaryDataMap` must be used within a `QueryBoundaryProvider`, whereas `QueryBoundaryMap` is a standalone convenience wrapper that may be used separately.

## Additional Notes

- I think in this case, I would actually recommend using the `QueryBoundaryProvider` and `QueryBoundaryDataMap` over the standalone `QueryBoundaryMap` as it gives more control over the layout and avoids potentially weird UI where the `errorComponent` may render as part of the table or list.
- Recommended usage:
    - For a single record: use `QueryBoundary`.
    - For an array of records: use `QueryBoundaryProvider`, `QueryBoundaryError`, and `QueryBoundaryDataMap`.
    - For more control over layout (even with a single record): use `QueryBoundaryProvider`, `QueryBoundaryError`, and `QueryBoundaryData`.
    - If you are fine with inline error rendering in lists/tables: use `QueryBoundaryMap`.
- It's quite a nice system of component, I feel. I made this set of components a long time ago for Neurosongs, and it very quickly became one of my favourite things I've written for this package as a whole.
- It started off as just rendering a loading component, but then it eventually got more and more advanced, also taking on the error rendering and data type narrowing too.
- Eventually, the prop structure got so involved that they had to be described using discriminated unions, and now we're in a place where it's really become an entire boundary manager for API queries, hence why it got renamed from `Loader` to `QueryBoundary` recently.
- Either way, it really does hold up very well, especially considering it was written pretty early on, even before release notes were a thing. I feel like it shaped the way I wrote a lot of future code from there, with similar design ideas also applying to things like the release notes, my GitHub Actions workflows, plenty of alex-c-line features, and so on.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
