# v6.25.2 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add explicit `undefined` checks for the fallback components in `QueryBoundary`.
  - Previously we were just doing a falsy check to determine if we should render the component. (e.g. `if (errorComponent)`). This would've skipped past `null`, which doesn't feel right as passing in `null` can also mean that we don't want to render an `errorComponent` at all.
  - This changes that so that we specifically check `if(errorComponent !== undefined)` to determine whether or not to render the component. That way, `null` means we want no fallback, and `undefined` means that we want the default fallback.
- Change the default fallbacks in `QueryBoundaryNullable`.
  - Instead of rendering an error alert, we now render a Typography. This makes it feel less like an error on the UI by default, as it may not always be treated that way.
  - We also render different `null`/`undefined` messages by default. For `undefined`, we say the data isn't available, in the sense that the query didn't provide data at all, whereas `null` means that the data was not found, in the sense that the query explicitly resolved with no result.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
