# v6.7.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Deprecate `IconWithPopover` and `PopoverText`
    - Whenever we try hovering over the icon in `IconWithPopover`, we get a warning in the console about `aria-hidden`.
        - This seems to be because when we move our mouse pointer away from the icon in `IconWithPopover`, something within the popover is still trying to keep focus for whatever reason, therefore we end up accidentally hiding focused content, which is bad for accessibility.
    - The fix for this is just to stop using our `IconWithPopover` component altogether and just use `Tooltip` from Material UI instead.
        - We primarily use the `IconWithPopover` as a way of displaying extra messages to the user when they hover over the relevant icon, which is also something that `Tooltip` does but in a way that does not cause accessibility issues.
    - `PopoverText` is also deprecated as it is a related component to `IconWithPopover` and was also a little bit janky given it split by newline internally.

## Additional Notes

- Not that those components were awful necessarily, but they do feel like they're trying too hard to do something that `Tooltip` already does better.
- The idea of displaying a message on hover is good, and I think my instinct to abstract away some of the more complex wiring was also good. I just think I may've overcomplicated the solution, is all.
- In fairness, I think I just saw a raw `Popover` component being used somewhere and felt I could abstract away some of the wiring, which I did, and I probably wasn't really thinking of `Tooltip` at the time so I didn't use that.
- In any case, I think `Tooltip` should be a good replacement for most previous use cases of `Popover` - it's much easier to use and does look a little better too.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
