# v7.3.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add `createObjectQueryBoundary`
  - This `QueryBoundary` assumes the data is coming from an object, and gives components to allow us to handle that case.
- Add `QueryBoundaryValue`
  - This exists on the return of `createObjectQueryBoundary`, on the `Value` property.
  - It extracts the value from the object associated with the given `propertyName`.
  - It also optionally supports a `valueFormatter`, which allows you to take the resolved value and format it in some way for the UI.
  - Alternatively, you can pass the formatter as children and it'll also work.
  - The reason I have both is because you may decide to abstract the formatters into separate functions, in which case `<QueryBoundary.Value propertyName="name" valueFormatter={formatName} />` reads better than `<QueryBoundary.Value propertyName="name>{formatName}</QueryBoundary.Value>`.

## Additional Notes

- I think with the introduction of this, usage of `QueryBoundaryItemWrapper` and `QueryBoundaryListWrapper` are probably going to decrease.
- Definitely not enough to deprecate them, but the compound use cases are starting to feel like the most natural way to interact with the system as they give more control while still feeling relatively easy to use.
- With this addition especially, it means that we no longer need to treat loading as a page-wide concern. Instead, we can show fallbacks such as skeletons in place of individual values that are currently being loaded in, while the things that are known can still exist on the page in the meantime.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
