# v6.24.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Deprecate `createQueryBoundary`.
  - I know, it's probably the newest addition to the package and I'm already deprecating it...
  - I promise there's a good reason for it, though!
- Add the following to the `@alextheman/components/v7` entrypoint:
  - `createBaseQueryBoundary`
    - Creates the following:
      - `Context`
      - `Error`
      - `Nullable`
      - `Fallback`
    - These are all components that deal with query state specifically.
  - `createItemQueryBoundary`
    - Creates everything `createBaseQueryBoundary` creates, along with `Data`. This deals with resolved query data, treating it as a single data item.
  - `createListQueryBoundary`
    - Creates everything `createBaseQueryBoundary` creates, along with `DataMap`. This deals with resolved query data, treating it as an array of data items.

## Migration Notes

- As of now, this is provided in the v7 entrypoint and `createQueryBoundary` is deprecated, but being kept around for now until we fully move to v7.
- In the meantime, to migrate, replace `createQueryBoundary` with either `createItemQueryBoundary` or `createListQueryBoundary`.
- Use `createItemQueryBoundary` if you're using `QueryBoundary.Data`, and `createListQueryBoundary` if you're using `QueryBoundary.DataMap`.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
