# v6.6.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Small adjustments to `FileInput` and `FileInputList`
    - `FileInput` now no longer hardcodes the file input ID. We now get it with `useId`, which is better as it guarantees uniqueness in cases where there may be multiple file inputs on the page.
    - `FileInputList` now no longer jankily reconstructs its default props, instead just assigning defaults at the parameter assignment level, like any good citizen would do.
    - Both of the above also now have JSDoc comments.
- Add `FileInputList` to the Storybook docs.
    - I also added a test for this to verify:
        - Uploading the file.
        - Removing the file from the list works.
        - Multiple files uploaded.

## Additional Notes

- This was one of the first few components I added to the package, and given the scope of it and everything, it's probably inevitable that it turned out to be a little bit janky.
- Fun fact as well - I initially wanted to extract out just the file input components to a separate package just because I thought the scope of these was big enough to justify that.
- I was wrong. That package is now deprecated and no longer being maintained, and they have since been moved back here.
- Nowadays I find it better to keep related things as close to each other as possible, and putting those in a separate package felt like the opposite of that.
- If we continued with that, I now worry that we may end up in a situation where I may feel like using a component from here in the file input components, but then another component in components may want one of the file input components, and then we get the circular dependency issue which is always a pain to debug! Whereas if they at least live in the same repository, we can easily import between different files just fine - they feel part of the same system.
- I also remember having the above issue when I tried splitting out my shared ESLint configs into separate packages so they live separately from my ESLint plugin, and that went even worse because there I actually came across peer dependency issues between different versions of my own package. If that's not a sign that you're splitting packages too much, I don't know what is.
- That said, I think as of now, I have all the packages I need.
    - `@alextheman/utility` for shared pure logic.
    - `@alextheman/components` for shared React logic.
    - `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` for shared linting rules/configs.
    - `alex-c-line` for shared developer tooling from the command-line.
    - `github-actions` for shared workflows.
    - (eventually) `typescript-actions` for shared composite actions created with TypeScript.
- I think pretty much any new idea I come up with can most likely fit into one of these, rather than forcing the need for a new package when there is no need.
- Like, `alex-c-line` may be a giant repository with a lot going on, but it still feels cohesive with clear patterns and shared logic and stuff. That's FAR bigger than `FileInput` ever was, and that's still all contained within the same project!
- Point is, I think if anything new gets created now, it'll most likely be
    1. That `typescript-actions` repository I mentioned, or
    2. A new app.
- I don't think it'd be another tooling repository given that we have so many now.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
