# v6.6.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Rename the `DarkModeToggle` to `ModeToggle`
    - It's a better name because it's more neutral and doesn't just assume dark mode as the default when it may not be.
- Replace all cases of `@mui/icons-material` with `react-icons/md`
    - `@mui/icons-material`, for some cursed reason, does not include a `package.json` file in its built output. I know, absurd, right? How do you even...
    - Anyway, this caused issues when building the Storybook docs and even just starting the Storybook locally, because it tries to resolve `@mui/icons-material`, but then it gives that warning in the console about being unable to find its `package.json`.
    - In complete honesty, it isn't really the most optimal package to work with as I can never get its auto-imports to work in the editor, and that lack of `package.json` file probably contributes to this.
    - As such, we now get those same icons from `react-icons/md`, which is bundled far better and also gives us access to even more than just the Material icons, so now we have those in case we want to try out other icons too.

## Additional Notes

- The fact that `react-icons`, which has to deal with so much more extra icons beyond just the Material ones, bundles nicer than the official Material UI package... that is kinda crazy to me!
- Like, I really thought we'd have to replace every single Material icon with something else entirely and just rebrand our icons usage as a whole. But nope, the actual solution was just to change where we get those exact same icons from!
- In all honesty, though, Material UI does feel janky at times. First we have its icons package not having a `package.json` in its build output, but also there was that issue with barrel imports where `import { Card } from "@mui/material";` is somehow worse for bundle size than `import Card from "@mui/material/Card";`?
- I do like how these components look and feel on the UI, but actually working with the package in source code? There are certainly quite a few parts of it that feel like they want to be optimised more, to say the least.
- That said, we are stuck with it now because it is what I went with initially and I can't be bothered to change UI library because that would mean refactoring way too much even for the planned next major release.
- Maybe one day if I **really** start to feel friction with Material UI, I may swap it out, but until then, I think Material UI is just fine despite some of its shortcomings.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
