# v6.12.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a new composable `DropdownMenu` system:
  - `DropdownMenuProvider` – manages and provides dropdown state via context.
  - `DropdownMenuTrigger` – interactive element that opens the dropdown.
    - You can prevent the trigger from opening the dropdown by using `event.preventDefault()` in your `onClick()` function.
  - `DropdownMenu` – renders the menu (Material UI `Menu` wrapper).
  - `DropdownMenuItem` – menu item with built-in close behaviour (also cancellable via `event.preventDefault()`).
  - `DropdownMenuWrapper` – convenience component that composes all of the above for simple use cases.

## Migration Notes

- Replace existing `DropdownMenu` (and `DropdownMenu2`) usage with `DropdownMenuWrapper` from the `@alextheman/components/v7` entrypoint.
- Change the `button` and `buttonProps` props from the old `DropdownMenu` to be `trigger` and `triggerProps` on `DropdownMenuWrapper`.

For example:

### Before
```tsx
<DropdownMenu buttonProps={{ children: "Menu" }}>
  <MenuItem>Item</MenuItem>
</DropdownMenu>
```

### After
```tsx
<DropdownMenuWrapper triggerProps={{ children: "Menu" }}>
  <DropdownMenuItem>Item</DropdownMenuItem>
</DropdownMenuWrapper>
```

## Additional Notes

- Yeah, I refactored `DropdownMenu` quite a few times, to say the least... Sorry about that!
- We initially started with just a thin wrapper around the Material UI `Menu`, where the use case was as simple as `<DropdownMenu><MenuItem /></DropdownMenu>`.
- I then started somewhat moving towards the context approach, which was definitely the right step, but I called the provider component `DropdownMenu2`, which may've been a bit confusing considering that it also rendered the button internally, and also the -2 prefix is always a bit confusing!
- That brings us to right now, where we've split up all our DropdownMenu-related components so that each of them have a single responsibility, except for the wrapper which aims to maintain that convenient usage. It's a similar sort of pattern to what we use with `Loader` already, where the `LoaderProvider`, `LoaderData`, and `LoaderError` components manage single parts of the data, whereas `Loader` is there for convenience.
- Also, because the refactor happened in a separate v7 entrypoint as opposed to the root entrypoint, it is being treated as a minor release because the v7 entrypoint is meant more for experimental purposes before v7 officially releases. Hence, this breaking change is fine as it can be considered as part of the initial v7 experimentation.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
