# v6.8.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Deprecate `ListItemInternalLink`
    - Not really worth keeping - the implementation is fairly basic and would even behave better if we did it manually per project anyway (e.g. `<ListItem component={InternalLink} to="/test/" />` rather than `<ListItemInternalLink to="/test/" />`)
    - My initial implementation didn't even forward the ref! That abstraction as a result ends up being too much for too little gain in my opinion, especially given that `ListItem` components feel like they'd be relatively rare for most of my use cases.
- Add `Loader` to the Storybook docs.
    - This one fits in really well with Storybook.
    - For one, the `Main` story allows you to control the different states on the story and see the effects of changing each of them.
    - We then also have a `Loading` story, an `Error` story, a `Data` story, and an `Undefined` story which showcases those states in isolation and also doubles as a test with Vitest if we use the `play` function to assert that the correct things render based on the given state.
    - On top of that, we also have `ErrorWithLog` and `ErrorNoLog` to verify that the `logError` prop does actually control what gets logged to the console! Very neat stuff!

## Additional Notes

- I am so glad I came across Storybook again recently and got it working!
- I think the first time I tried using it, all the way back when I was first initially setting up this repository, I couldn't quite get it to work for whatever reason, and so I abandoned it.
- Revisiting it about a little less than a year later down the line after gaining more experience and setting up the organisation, I think I can see clearer as to how it fits within the rest of my organisation, hence why it succeeded this time.
- It honestly is such a great addition, and I think it's doing a lot of work to bring this otherwise somewhat legacy repository back up-to-date with some of my other projects.
- Granted, it does still very much feel like the odd one out a lot of the time given that it's trying to accommodate for a very rare portion of my projects (the React projects), and so because I don't have as much React projects it hasn't developed quite as much as a result.
- Meanwhile, utility, my ESLint plugin, and alex-c-line have consistently been getting updated as the organisation's tooling and infrastructure keeps improving.
- Really, I'd say this organisation's biggest strength is less about our specific apps or even specific packages - it's more about how they all interact as a system as a whole. Every package/app plays an important part, and my packages do all frequently interact with one another, especially when it comes to versioning and releases!
- It may sound like having that many packages and having them all interact may be fiddly and cause a lot of dependency issues, but I think we've been able to avoid that by virtue of fact that they all exist to solve different problems and none of them are direct peer dependencies of one another.
- That creates a nice middle ground between having one single package that does literally everything, and having way too many different packages that have too much overlap and some require each other as peer dependency.
- Anyway, that was a tangent... Point is, Storybook is cool, and I think more front-end packages should use it!
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
