# v6.8.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add new stories and tests for `InternalLink`
    - These ones are cool!
    - So, have you ever wondered how the `component` prop on Material UI components know how to interpret the component you give it and render it correctly while preserving behaviour?
    - The short answer is, it's all in the ref.
    - The slightly longer answer is...
        - The ref is what gives Material UI access to the underlying DOM element that your component will ultimately render.
        - With that, it can properly integrate with the component you give it and combine behaviours in a way that keeps it accessible (i.e. good for screen-readers, keyboard navigation etc.)
        - If you do not provide it, however, Material UI loses out on some information about your component, and so it most likely will not be able to properly render it as intended - some accessibility information will be lost.
        - In practice, this leads to subtle but important issues:
            - Accessibility can degrade (e.g. missing tabIndex)
            - Styling/behaviour may not be applied correctly (e.g. ListItemButton rendering as a plain link)
        - The old way of passing the ref through to other components would've been to use the `forwardRef` function. However, this is deprecated in React 19 in favour of just passing through the ref prop directly.
        - This is nice because it means you can just spread all the link props directly to the Material UI component, and the ref will already be accounted for. That said, I decided to be explicit with this package and still give my own type to the ref and explicitly pass it through to be safe.
        - In any case, tests have been added to verify the behaviour we expect upon passing the ref works, which helps to keep the component accessible and allows it to properly work with Material UI's component prop.

## Additional Notes

- Writing these tests was actually quite a fun learning experience.
- I remember being told before that just using the component prop without accounting for the ref will not work, and at the time I was confused as to why that may be the case.
- However, after all this experimentation, which is now possible to do in isolation in this package itself, I think I have a better mental model of how the ref actually works and how it gets used with Material UI polymorphic components.
- Feels like setting up those utility end-to-end tests all over again, where deliberately trying to make tests fail makes me question everything I know, but in the best possible way.
- And on that note, it is worth mentioning - it is always a good idea to try and see if you can get your tests to fail at least once. Try changing a piece of logic that you feel would break it, and see if it does. If it doesn't, that's a good sign that there's something deeper at play here that may be worth investigating.
- Failing tests may be scary, but if you never see them at all, you're missing out on the ability to have your assumptions challenged and tightened up. 
- However, if you let the tests do so, that can often lead to tighter and more rigourous code, and therefore more confidence that it works going forward.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
