# v6.23.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Fix `nullComponent` in `QueryBoundary.Nullable` not being recognised.
    - When using our new compound `QueryBoundary` pattern, we take either the `data` or `dataCollection` to allow for either any data type or an array of data items. The distinction matters because we have `QueryBoundaryData` which purely just resolves query data, and `QueryBoundaryDataMap` which assumes the data is an array and maps over it.
    - When passing these into the `QueryBoundaryProvider` for initialisation, the initial logic used nullish coalescing to determine which one to use. This was problematic because if `data` was `null`, the nullish coalescing would fall back to `dataCollection` instead of preserving the original `null` value.
    - However, in the `QueryBoundary` system, `null` and `undefined` are intentionally treated as distinct states and therefore need to be preserved correctly. As such, the approach has been changed to check if the `data` key is present in the query, and if so use that, otherwise use the `dataCollection`.
    - This preserves `null` for both `data` and `dataCollection`, therefore allowing nullComponent to work.

## Additional Notes

- It took me some time to figure that one out, I'll admit.
- Because the `QueryBoundary` system now coordinates several related components together, it can be difficult sometimes to narrow down exactly where the error is happening.
- Not to mention, in Lexicon I'm extending the `QueryBoundary` with some extra behaviour too, so the first thought was potentially something Lexicon-specific (e.g. the API may be somehow returning undefined for the currentUser).
- That said, I eventually narrowed it down when I tried using `QueryBoundary.Nullable` in Lexicon directly and got a similar result. That was a giveaway because Lexicon doesn't wrap that component. That feeling was further justified when I created the Null story in components to verify, and that story test did fail.
- So... big win for Storybook testing again, am I right?
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
