# v6.23.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Create a new `useAbsoluteLocation` hook for usage within nested routers.
    - Previously, if you used the regular `useLocation` from Wouter inside a nested route, the returned location would be relative to the nested router.
    - With this new hook, it will ensure that the returned location is resolved relative to the application's root router.
    - For example:
    ```tsx
    import { useAbsoluteLocation } from "@alextheman/components/v7";
    import { useLocation, Route } from "wouter";

    <Route path="/users" nest>
        <Route path="/profile">
            {(() => {
                const [wouterLocation] = useLocation();
                console.log(wouterLocation) // will log "/profile"

                const [absoluteLocation] = useAbsoluteLocation();
                console.log(absoluteLocation); // will log "/users/profile"
            })()}
        </Route>
    </Route>
    ```  
    - The behaviour demonstrated by `useAbsoluteLocation` tends to be less surprising and works better in cases where the same page may be rendered from different nested routing structures.

- Fix highlighting in `NavigationBottom`.
    - The `value` property in the `navItems` item is now optional, and will default to the `to` property for the value.
    - This will ensure that the item is highlighted if the current location matches the item's `to` property.
    - This can be overriden if necessary by providing the `value` property, which will take precedence over `to`. However, this is optional and most use cases should leave this out.

## Additional Notes

- On a completely unrelated note, I feel like the tech debt in this package is slowly starting to build up a bit.
- As such, I would like to release v7 fairly soon. That version will make this whole Wouter setup the standard for the package.
- I won't do a feature-freeze just yet as I am still in the process of Lexicon work and may need to change some things as I go. However, I think, starting this Friday I'll be ready to prepare the v7 release of this package, so be ready for that.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
