# v6.14.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Rename `Loader` components and related components to `QueryBoundary`
    - This is a more representative name of what it actually represents.
    - `Loader` suggests it's just going to render a spinner or something like that, whereas `QueryBoundary` suggests it handles the boundary states of an API query, which is exactly what it does.

## Migration Notes

- Rename the following:
    - `Loader` -> `QueryBoundary`
    - `LoaderProvider` -> `QueryBoundaryProvider`
    - `LoaderData` -> `QueryBoundaryData`
    - `LoaderError` -> `QueryBoundaryError`

## Additional Notes

- All of the above have been softly deprecated as of now and will be removed in v7, hence the minor release.
- The behaviour remains the same in all of the above cases - it is only the name that has changed.
- All related types have also been renamed but for the sake of brevity is omitted from this release note because there are too many types and I can't be bothered to list them all here!
- They follow the same pattern, though - just replace the `Loader` part with `QueryBoundary`. It can probably just be a quick find/replace and be done with it.
- In any case, if you're unsure, the components that are not to be used are marked with the `@deprecated` tag, and the deprecation message will guide you towards what to do instead.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
