# v6.18.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Refactor `QueryBoundaryError` to only handle errors rather than errors alongside nullable data.
    - Given the name of the component, it feels more appropriate for it to only handle errors, as `undefined` or `null` data may sometimes be treated as valid UI state and therefore handled closer to the rendered data itself.
- Add a `QueryBoundaryNullable` component to handle missing data.
    - This handles cases where the data may be `undefined` or `null` after loading is complete.
    - This was previously handled in `QueryBoundaryError`, however there are cases where nullable data can be treated as valid state even if not part of the main 'data is present' success path. As such, it has been separated out into its own component to emphasise the distinction.
- Add a `QueryBoundaryFallback` component to combine the behaviour of both of the above.
    - In cases where consumers still want to treat both query errors and nullable data as failure states, this component will still allow you to do so.
    - It maintains the old behaviour of `QueryBoundaryError`, except the children is now replaced with `errorComponent`.

## Migration Notes

- If you were previously only calling `QueryBoundaryError` with no props, you most likely do not need to do anything to fix any errors, but just be aware that it will now only show actual query errors rather than also deal with nullable data.
- If you wish to maintain the exact behaviour of old `QueryBoundaryError`, use `QueryBoundaryFallback` but replace the children with the `errorComponent` prop.

## Additional Notes

- I am currently exploring a compound component approach for `QueryBoundary` that may be part of the next major release if successful.
- A limitation of the current context provider-based approach is that we lose all type information with each separate component, so we end up having to either provide a manual type argument, which means nothing at runtime, or we can provide a `dataParser` to `QueryBoundaryData` (or `itemParser` to `QueryBoundaryDataMap`) to restore type information and have it enforced at runtime.
- With the new approach, it is expected that type information will be passed down to the subcomponents, therefore ensuring that the data is typed all the way through the boundary usage.
- That said, I think I may still keep the existing components around for quick usage, as I think they'll be easier to wrap around in case consumers want to extend the behaviour of any of the core components. It may be a little harder to do with the compound component structure.
- In any case, keep an eye out on the release notes for more information.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
