# v6.26.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Deprecate ModeProvider in favour of ThemeProvider and allow for it to take themeOptions
  - This will allow a custom theme to be created at the app level, and we just provide a base theme that can be expanded upon.
- Compare the fallback components in the `QueryBoundaryWrapper` to undefined to determine if we should render them.
  - This allows null to be used to say that we don't want a fallback, whereas undefined means we use the default.
- Deprecate `ReactPlayground`.
  - I don't need it anymore.
- Improve handling of an empty tracklist in `AudioProvider`
  - Previously the initial state of the `currentTrack` would be the first element of the tracks array, which would be undefined if the array is empty.
  - This changes that so that if the array is empty, the initial `currentTrack` state is null, which better communicates valid absence (i.e. the `currentTrack` maps to nothing because there are no tracks).
- Some additional cleanup and architectural preparation work for v7 of this package.

## Additional Notes

- I will now declare a feature freeze on this package. All work on new features will be paused until v7 releases, with the exception of minor bug fixes.
- I think it's about time, like, have you seen the size of that deprecated folder? It is HUGE!
- Maintaining the `Loader -> QueryBoundary` renames in particular was a bit annoying, especially since the underlying implementation went through various different changes recently, especially with the compound component structure.
- In any case, once v7 comes out we will have removed all legacy components, polished up further the things I want to keep, and this package that was once considered my most legacy package will finally be rid of most of its tech debt.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
