# v6.11.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add routing components that are compatible with Wouter in the `@alextheman/components/v7` entrypoint.
    - The following components have been added:
        - `Router`
            - The main app router, with a fix for usage in nested routers.
            - That fix ensures that Link components within it navigate relative to the application base URL rather than the nested router's current route.
        - `Switch`
            - Use this in the `Router` to ensure that if there are multiple matches for a given route, only the first one gets rendered.
            - It behaves the same as the regular `Switch` from `wouter`, except it comes with a `fallback` prop that natively deals with any unmatched routes.
            - If not provided, it defaults to the `ErrorPage` component detailed below.
        - `ErrorPage`
            - Renders natively as the `fallback` to the `Switch` component.
            - It takes a `title` and `children` prop and renders them in a Material UI `Alert`.
        - `InternalLink`
            - Deprecates the old `InternalLink` that is currently found in the `@alextheman/components` entrypoint.
            - It behaves the same way, except it sets the Wouter Link as the default component prop rather than the `react-router-dom` Link.
        - `MemoryRouter`
            - A Wouter equivalent of the `MemoryRouter` from `react-router-dom`.
            - It stores all entries in memory rather than directly affect the browser routes.
            - It also contains the same nested routing fix as the main `Router` component.
- Add stories to the Storybook demonstrating the above components.
- Deprecate the following components from the root entrypoint in favour of their v7 counterpart:
    - `InternalLink`
    - `NavigationDrawer`
    - `SubmitButton`

## Additional Notes

- I decided to switch to Wouter because:
    - It has better syntax and is more customisable than `react-router-dom`.
    - It potentially also has better safety too as it has built-in Regex parsing, so if we match a route like `/users/(<id>${UUID_REGEX})`, we know for sure that the parameter is a UUID, whereas with `react-router-dom` it's not built in as far as I know and we'd have had to parse the parameter directly in the page logic.
- I do really like Wouter. I feel like it gives you the building blocks to create your own routing system, rather than `react-router-dom` which feels more like a complete framework.
- Like, sure, it does **somewhat** feel like a workaround that we have to create our own Router to fix the nested routing issue, but also the fact that we **can** do that and it still feels like something Wouter intended for us to do is really powerful!
- As a reference point, in `react-router-dom`, nested routing would have felt far more hacky - I would've had to do things like this:

Main router:
```tsx
import { Routes } from "react-router-dom";

import UsersRouter from "src/resources/Users/UsersRouter";

function Router() {
  return (
    <Routes>
      {UsersRouter()}
    </Routes>
  );
}

export default Router;
```

Users router:
```tsx
import { Route } from "react-router-dom";

import User from "src/resources/Users/pages/User";

function UsersRouter() {
  return (
    <Route path="/users">
      <Route path=":userId" element={<User />} />
    </Route>
  );
}

export default UsersRouter;
```

- The main router just invoking the raw function directly definitely feels like an unintended workaround compared to how cleanly we can now do it with our Wouter routing:

Main router:
```tsx
import { Router, Switch } from "@alextheman/components";
import { Route } from "wouter";

import UsersRouter from "src/resources/Users/UsersRouter";

function Router() {
  return (
    <Router>
      <Switch>
        <Route path="/users" nest>
          <UsersRouter />
        </Route>
      </Switch>
    </Router>
  );
}

export default Router;
```

Users router:
```tsx
import { Route } from "wouter";

import UUID_REGEX from "src/constants/UUID_REGEX";
import User from "src/resources/Users/pages/User";

function UsersRouter() {
  return (
    <Switch>
      <Route<{ id: string }> path={RegExp(`^/(<id>${UUID_REGEX})`)}>
        {({ id }) => {
          return <User userId={id} />
        }}
      </Route>
    </Switch>
  );
}

export default UsersRouter;
```

- It may look slightly more verbose at first glance, but also look at what we gain:
    - Regex parsing - we know for sure the parameter is a UUID now.
    - Type safety - the `id` parameter can be typed as a string.
    - The content to render is now the `children` prop rather than the `element` prop - much more readable.
    - No hacky raw `{UsersRouter()}` invocation - it feels natively Wouter.
- The extra verbosity isn't even that bad in my opinion - it does feel more readable and native to React, and has far fewer weird workarounds.
- Either way, Wouter is going to be our main routing framework we use going forward in v7 and in all my future apps from this point on, including the new blog site Lexicon.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
