# v6.9.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a few initial v7-specific components for use in forms provided by `@tanstack/react-form`.
    - Previously we were kind of using `react-hook-form`, but really we only had a `SubmitButton`.
    - For future releases and future projects, I think I'd like to use `@tanstack/react-form` going forward, as it already feels really nice to use and may potentially pair well with `@tanstack/react-query`, which we already use for the querying side of things.
    - It does take a little bit of setting up to do, however most of this setup is done internally in this repository, which makes individual usage relatively nice.

## Additional Notes

- This hasn't actually been implemented in any of my apps just yet, but it is expected to be used in any forms that I may have in Lexicon.
- Even though the main method of interaction there will be the editor, we will still need forms for the sign-in page and user details page etc..
- That said, even though I have not gotten there just yet with Lexicon, I must say, it is very nice to be able to test all these new features out in isolation using Storybook, without the need to link it to a project first.
- It should hopefully allow this repository to evolve a little faster going forward, as its growth should no longer be tied specifically to my individual React projects.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
