# v7.0.0 (Major Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new major release of the `@alextheman/components` package. It has the potential to introduce breaking changes that may require a large amount of refactoring. Please read the description of changes and migration notes below for more information.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Remove the giant folder of deprecations.
  - The migration notes are gonna be long...
- Change the QueryBoundaryProvider so it only takes isLoading, error, and data.
  - Those are the main query states it wants to know about - the `loadingFallback` and parsers etc. are all concerns of its related child components.
- Rename the fallback props throughout the `QueryBoundary` system.
  - Basically, `(loading|undefined|null|nullable|error|empty)Component` -> `$1Fallback`.
  - It was so easy to do here, and I'm 99% sure you can do this in your own projects and be done with it too.
- Rename `QueryBoundaryWrapper` to `QueryBoundaryItemWrapper`.
- Rename `QueryBoundaryMap` to `QueryBoundaryListWrapper`.
  - Both of the above are more consistent with the current direction of the `QueryBoundary` naming conventions.
- Split the `SnackbarProvider` into the provider and separate `Snackbars` renderer component.
  - This gives each component a clear responsibility, aligning with the patterns found elsewhere in the package.
- Add `createTabGroup` and related components from Lexicon.
  - This currently exists in Lexicon, but feels general enough to warrant moving into here.
- Add JSDoc comments to the compound interfaces of `QueryBoundary`.
  - Previously only the component functions themselves had JSDoc comments. However, the interface that declares all the compound components also need JSDoc comments otherwise `QueryBoundary.Data`, for example, will not have the JSDoc comment associated with it.
- Remove `ScreenSizeProvider` in favour of `useIsLargeScreen`.
  - This is more reliable as it relies directly on Material UI's breakpoint system to determine if the screen should be considered large or not, as opposed to our manual calculation.
  - Note that it does not give you back the precise width and height like `ScreenSizeProvider` did. You will either have to manually recreate the logic for that if you still want that, or in a future release I can add, say, `useDimensions`.

## Migration Notes

### Deprecation Replacement

- Replace all removed deprecations with the following:
  - `DropdownMenu2` -> `DropdownMenuWrapper`
  - `createQueryBoundary` -> `createBaseQueryBoundary` | `createItemQueryBoundary` | `createListQueryBoundary`
  - `DarkModeToggle` -> `ThemeToggle`
  - `DropdownMenu` -> `DropdownMenuWrapper`
  - `DropdownMenuExternalLink` -> `<DropdownMenuItem component={ExternalLink} />`
  - `DropdownMenuInternalLink` -> `<DropdownMenuItem component={InternalLink} />`
  - `IconWithPopover` -> No replacement, use `Tooltip` from `@mui/material` instead.
  - `InternalLink` -> `InternalLink` from `@alextheman/components/routing`.
  - `ListItemInternalLink` -> No replacement, use `ListItem` from `@mui/material` with `component={InternalLink}` instead.
  - `Loader` -> `QueryBoundaryItemWrapper`
  - `LoaderData` -> `QueryBoundaryData`
  - `LoaderError` -> `QueryBoundaryFallback` (or, for more granular control, `QueryBoundaryError` and `QueryBoundaryNullable`)
  - `ModeProvider` -> `ThemeProvider`
  - `NavigationBottom` -> `NavigationBottom` from `@alextheman/components/routing`
  - `NavigationDrawer` -> `NavigationDrawer` from `@alextheman/components/routing`
  - `PopoverText` -> No replacement, use `Tooltip` from `@mui/material` instead.
  - `QueryBoundary` -> `QueryBoundaryItemWrapper`
  - `ReactPlayground` -> No replacement, use the `LiveProvider` and related components from `react-live` instead.
  - `SubmitButton` -> `form.SubmitButton`, where `form` is the result of `useAppForm` created from `createFormHook` (as part of the Tanstack Form integration).

### Additional Removals

- The following have changed directly in v7 without a prior deprecation period:
  - The `QueryBoundary` fallback props (change all throughout the `QueryBoundary` system):
    - `loadingComponent` -> `loadingFallback`
    - `undefinedComponent` -> `undefinedFallback`
    - `nullComponent` -> `nullFallback`
    - `nullableComponent` -> `nullableFallback`
    - `errorComponent` -> `errorFallback`
    - `emptyComponent` -> `emptyFallback`
  - `QueryBoundaryWrapper` -> `QueryBoundaryItemWrapper`
  - `QueryBoundaryMap` -> `QueryBoundaryListWrapper`
  - `CollapsableItem` -> `CollapsibleItem`
  - `ScreenSizeProvider` -> `useIsLargeScreen`

### Snackbar

Wherever you were previously using `SnackbarProvider`, you will also need `Snackbars` as well. That is:

Before:

```tsx
<SnackbarProvider>
  {children}
</SnackbarProvider>
```

After:

```tsx
<SnackbarProvider>
  <Snackbars />
  {children}
</SnackbarProvider>
```

### Entrypoints

Some components have moved to different entrypoints as a way to better group together related systems and improve bundle sizes. To determine the correct import path:

1. Find the component in the tree below.
2. Use the parent folder name as the entrypoint (the `.` entrypoint corresponds to the root entrypoint, `@alextheman/components`).
3. Append it to `@alextheman/components`.

For example:

```ts
import { QueryBoundaryItemWrapper } from "@alextheman/components/QueryBoundary";
import { SnackbarProvider } from "@alextheman/components/snackbar";
import { ThemeProvider } from "@alextheman/components/theme";
```

The package structure is now:

```txt
@alextheman/components
├── .
│   ├── Artwork
│   ├── CollapsibleItem
│   ├── ExternalLink
│   ├── FileInput
│   ├── FileInputList
│   ├── Page
│   ├── SkeletonRow
│   ├── SwitchWithIcons
│   ├── useDebounce
│   ├── useHash
│   ├── useIsLargeScreen
│   └── ContextHookOptions
├── audio
│   ├── AudioControls
│   └── AudioProvider
├── DropdownMenu
│   ├── DropdownMenu
│   ├── DropdownMenuItem
│   ├── DropdownMenuProvider
│   ├── DropdownMenuTrigger
│   └── DropdownMenuWrapper
├── form
│   ├── createFormHook
│   ├── formHooks
│   ├── index
│   ├── SubmitButton
│   └── TextField
├── QueryBoundary
│   ├── createBaseQueryBoundary
│   ├── createItemQueryBoundary
│   ├── createListQueryBoundary
│   ├── QueryBoundaryData
│   ├── QueryBoundaryDataMap
│   ├── QueryBoundaryError
│   ├── QueryBoundaryFallback
│   ├── QueryBoundaryItemWrapper
│   ├── QueryBoundaryListWrapper
│   ├── QueryBoundaryNullable
│   └── QueryBoundaryProvider
├── routing
│   ├── ErrorPage
│   ├── InternalLink
│   ├── MemoryRouter
│   ├── NavigationBottom
│   ├── NavigationDrawer
│   ├── Router
│   ├── Switch
│   └── useAbsoluteLocation
├── snackbar
│   ├── SnackbarProvider
│   └── Snackbars
├── Tab
│   ├── createTabGroup
│   ├── TabItem
│   ├── TabList
│   ├── TabPanel
│   └── TabProvider
└── theme
    ├── ThemeProvider
    └── ThemeToggle
```

## Additional Notes

Additional note here

<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
